Add CloudFormation template for lambda + EventBridge setup (#10540)
grafana/loki: tools/lambda-promtail/README.md

choco upgrade golang
```

## CloudFormation and S3 events

> Lambda-promtail allows one to send logs from different services that use S3 as their logs destination (ALB, VPC Flow, CloudFront access logs, etc.). For this, one needs to configure S3 bucket notifications to trigger the lambda-promtail deployment. However, when using CloudFormation to encode infrastructure, there is a [known issue](https://github.com/aws-cloudformation/cloudformation-coverage-roadmap/issues/79) when configuring `AWS::S3::BucketNotification` and the resource that will be triggered by the notification in the same stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lambda-promtail lets you send logs from different services that use S3 as their logs destination (ALB, VPC Flow, CloudFront access logs, etc.). For this, you need to configure S3 bucket notifications to trigger the lambda-promtail deployment. However, when using CloudFormation to encode infrastructure, there is a [known issue](https://github.com/aws-cloudformation/cloudformation-coverage-roadmap/issues/79) when configuring `AWS::S3::BucketNotification` and the resource that will be triggered by the notification in the same stack.
```

> For tackling that, AWS introduced [S3 event notifications with Event Bridge](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-use-amazon-s3-event-notifications-with-amazon-eventbridge/). In that way, when an object get's created in a S3 bucket, this send an event to an EventBridge bus, and one can create a rule to send those event to Lambda-promtail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage the issue, AWS introduced [S3 event notifications with Event Bridge](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-use-amazon-s3-event-notifications-with-amazon-eventbridge/). In that way, when an object gets created in a S3 bucket, this sends an event to an EventBridge bus, and you can create a rule to send those events to Lambda-promtail.
```
